hey guys it is what looks like you not
have teamed up with Chris today to share
with you guys my healthy obsessions I
have two healthy obsessions but I also
want to know what are your healthy
obsessions the first healthy obsession
is skin care I'm 35 I'm pretty cool dark
spots I do a lot of makeup videos with
no makeup on so you know what I'm
talking about
my second healthy obsession is my teeth
I love smile I love to laugh
and I think a smile is so important it's
one of the first things it's the first
thing I notice and when you have a
beautiful Sprite smile you know it's
just like it can light up a room so I've
been using the crest HD it's a two-step
system there is step one which is the
purifying cleanser it helps strip away
plaque and step two which is the
perfecting gel which whitens polishes
and whiten so yes first thing you're
doing to work the boom is you step one
okay okay and so easy you just brush
your teeth with step one for one minute
hey and then after one minute do not
rinse your mouth out but you go in with
step two which is the whitening part of
it so you do that for another minute
alright so I also wanted to tell you
that Taye Diggs did his healthy
obsession video and I'm going to link it
down below he's hilarious
and you got to watch it because he like
dances and all that it's funny and to
learn more about press HD you can go to
kress dot-com for more information thank
you guys for watching my video please
let me know y'all healthy obsessions and
yeah I love you and I'll talk to you
guys later okay